and now another episode of samurai
barbecue let the one of a hamburger
please oh I want an angus beef patty
cooked medium-rare on a white seedless
bun let ketchup and mustard I and I hope
we understand each other oh yeah oh good
hi oh you get much business around here
on weekends yeah
so I joint open on Sundays hi
how long is just going to take to cook
ah
remember medium rare with ketchup and
mustard I white bread hi I don't have
all day I need to be in a meeting with
the Don downtown by four o'clock hurry
it up oh hi stupid jack
stick
hurry it up already
what is this you call it a frickin
sandwich there's no beef drop the knife
who's that I could sniff that video I'm
not that hungry anyway I'm not coming
back here though you got it not again no
okay let's watch it